
Throughout the development of this product we have utilized many techniques. At first we used the Scrum methodology but during the next phase we switched over to Kanban. We thought it would be superior, but were surprised in that sense. While it is true that Kanban has plenty of benefits, with the main one being the freedom from bureaucracy and thus more time allowed to be spent on actual coding. Unlike Scrum we didn't have to write reports or have daily meetings, which was a breath of fresh air. However we soon figured out this was a double edged sword. We had trouble organizing ourselves properly without the rigidity of the Scrum process. Since there were no daily meetings there was more reason to procrastinate and put off the work until later on, which hurt us slightly in the end. Thus we chose Scrum as the methodology for the final phase. However this didn't fully work out as meetings had to be constantly moved and re-scheduled due to other commitments, so we ended up reverting to Kanban regardless. What we thought worked well for our team was coding in pairs or small groups. For example half of the group worked on GUI while the other half worked on DAOs. Since these are almost entirely separate and don't depend heavily on each other we could code efficiently, without having to constantly explain what we were doing to 6 other people. It was clear that working in these small groups rather than 6 at a time or 1 at a time was very advantageous as we got far more goals accomplished with far less arguing. 

Something we thought didn't work quite as well was the decision to code a standalone app, which essentially meant that we had to code everything from scratch and not use any real framework. We spent quite a bit of time re-inventing the wheel, while in a webapp any framework could have given us the codebase straight away. Thus one of the flaws in our processes was that we couldn't utilize third party frameworks as well as we should have. Another problem was making sure that our code was easily convertible to other platforms. We spent a lot of time and effort making sure that our code was very easily modified to fit other types of DAO's and GUI's but when we tried porting the finished program to Android it became apparent that a lot of the things we thought would help us in the task actually hindered us quite severely. The code ended up being more complex than it should have been as a result, which was not a desired outcome. While things like MVC were very portable in theory, our implementation provided at least some problems while actually porting the code to another platform.

If we were to continue as a team, it would likely be best to find a good compromise between no organization and too much organization. For example we didn't like the daily meetings and the reports for Scrum, but the freedom of Kanban hurt us in the end. As a result we decided it was beneficial to us to merge the two together, having informal meetings every week or so, not doing unnecessary reports, but making sure we can talk about what we are doing and explain it to the others. This would mean that we were organized, while still not wasting time on bureaucracy. 

