

[2014-10-25 1:50:29 PM] David Faig: hey guys [2014-10-25 1:50:36 PM] David Faig: are we having our scrum? [2014-10-25 1:50:41 PM] David Faig: Im here and ready [2014-10-25 1:54:33 PM] Red: same [2014-10-25 1:55:08 PM] Red: oh hey, I have an idea for the 2 sprint iterations we need to do, can I get your opinion on it? [2014-10-25 1:57:02 PM] David Faig: write it [2014-10-25 1:57:21 PM] David Faig: I was thinking we make the "skeleton" of the CRC cards for sprint 1 [2014-10-25 1:57:51 PM] David Faig: maybe implement "fake login" and "make new topic" [2014-10-25 1:57:55 PM] David Faig: or w.e [2014-10-25 1:58:12 PM] David Faig: then sprint 2 we can try to implement the DAO [2014-10-25 1:58:20 PM] David Faig: for console [2014-10-25 1:58:31 PM] David Faig: er [2014-10-25 1:58:38 PM] David Faig: implement it so it can write to files [2014-10-25 1:58:59 PM] David Faig: and also complete a lot of the board and user calls that use the DAO [2014-10-25 1:59:53 PM] David Faig: In total, we will need a DAO to write to board, and we will probably need one for login [2014-10-25 2:00:23 PM] David Faig: Then all we need to do is create the objects and have them interact properly [2014-10-25 2:00:54 PM] David Faig: write AND read [2014-10-25 2:07:21 PM] Red: [October 25, 2014 11:24 AM] Red:

<<< Sprint #1: -Implement the CRC cards we came up with in Java -Individual deliverables (see github)

Sprint #2 -Test/Debug our implementations -Individual deliverables -Do the process.md (see the utm section repo for details) -Do the product.md (see the utm section repo for details) [2014-10-25 2:07:42 PM] Red: in short, I had something different in mind. [2014-10-25 2:08:10 PM] David Faig: So just do everything in sprint 1? [2014-10-25 2:09:14 PM] David Faig: Here [2014-10-25 2:09:22 PM] David Faig: This is what I thought of [2014-10-25 2:09:33 PM] David Faig: Sprint 1:

We need to make the "skeleton" for our CRC cards. DAOs, Classes, and some method names can be included. At the same time, we can write some "write to file" or "Console memory only" DAO implementations. The idea is to create the objects and consider how we will make them interact in the next sprint. [2014-10-25 2:10:08 PM] Red: yea, since: -it's due in a week -each CRC card == class (I think it would be much easier if we have a class that we can individually work on) -everyone has something to do (it'll be easier to write things for our individual deliveries) [2014-10-25 2:11:07 PM] David Faig: we need to have a demo-able thing in a week right? [2014-10-25 2:11:43 PM] David Faig: IE: we don't need to make things work for the little details [2014-10-25 2:11:56 PM] David Faig: we just need to be able to console demo the CRC interactions [2014-10-25 2:12:25 PM] Red: ah [2014-10-25 2:13:41 PM] David Faig: So if we do my thing, it would be 2 people on DAOs (one doing write, one doing read, and maybe one other speciallized class). And the other 4 do the Classes -> User, Server, Board,... etc/ [2014-10-25 2:14:13 PM] David Faig: And we will set out all the basic functionalities that each class needs for sprint 1 [2014-10-25 2:15:10 PM] David Faig: We need to do this meeting though [2014-10-25 2:15:14 PM] David Faig: the CRC cards need changing [2014-10-25 2:15:14 PM] Red: I know :/ [2014-10-25 2:15:26 PM] Red: I'll call the others. [2014-10-25 2:16:14 PM] Red: have you tried calling Henry? [2014-10-25 2:17:39 PM] Red: okay, I understand what you mean for Sprint 1. I think we came up with the same thing. I just failed at communicating it. My problem is 2 people working on a DAO. [2014-10-25 2:17:54 PM] Red: From my understanding, a DAO is just an interface. [2014-10-25 2:17:56 PM] David Faig: Henry is swimming atm, I'll speak for him lol [2014-10-25 2:18:27 PM] David Faig: Well the main thing is that the DAO needs to actually work before anything else can be tested well [2014-10-25 2:18:33 PM] Red: and it is up to the people implementing the classes to make the DAO work. [2014-10-25 2:18:43 PM] David Faig: nonono its the other way around [2014-10-25 2:18:49 PM] David Faig: the classes just call the DAO [2014-10-25 2:18:54 PM] David Faig: and hope to god they work [2014-10-25 2:19:00 PM] Red: okay [2014-10-25 2:19:22 PM] Red: seems to me only 1 person can work on the DAO since it's just read/writing to a file. [2014-10-25 2:19:45 PM] David Faig: read and write should be two different parts of the interface [2014-10-25 2:19:54 PM] David Faig: read should return an iterator [2014-10-25 2:20:07 PM] David Faig: and write should alter the file/database/collection [2014-10-25 2:21:13 PM] Red: implementation wise, that sounds easy to do. Only 1 person can work on it, but if we have trouble assigning work for everyone, then I maybe we can have 2 people working on DAO. [2014-10-25 2:21:44 PM] David Faig: Okay sure, we can figure it out when people actually exist [2014-10-25 2:21:45 PM] David Faig: lol [2014-10-25 2:22:05 PM] Red: huehue true [2014-10-25 2:24:57 PM] Red: How much do you want to bet that Ben, Shaun, and Dmitry are sleeping? [2014-10-25 2:25:17 PM] David Faig: probably [2014-10-25 2:25:25 PM] David Faig: I'm writing a new version of CRC cards [2014-10-25 2:25:33 PM] David Faig: We can change it later [2014-10-25 2:25:35 PM] David Faig: but for now [2014-10-25 2:25:39 PM] David Faig: im just going by what the TA said [2014-10-25 2:26:06 PM] Red: Aww you beat me to it. [2014-10-25 2:26:23 PM] Red: Yea, we should update the CRC cards. [2014-10-25 4:20:17 PM] Red: Yo Shaun [2014-10-25 4:20:20 PM] Red: what's up? [2014-10-25 4:40:31 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: ? [2014-10-25 4:54:58 PM] Red: meeting was @ 2 apparently [2014-10-25 4:55:12 PM] Red: but you should check out what me and David came up with, I wanna know your opinion. [2014-10-25 5:58:26 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: eh so who's doing actual coding and how much coding r we going to do for this week? [2014-10-25 6:01:11 PM] Red: Hey David are you there? [2014-10-25 6:01:27 PM] Red: Did you finish rewriting our CRC cards? [2014-10-25 6:39:03 PM] Ben Ni: lol [2014-10-25 6:39:14 PM] Ben Ni: good morning [2014-10-25 6:43:15 PM] Ben Ni: Ask the DAOs to read/write Messages Ask the DAOs to change/read the user-list [2014-10-25 6:43:29 PM] Ben Ni: ^ this is unnecessary [2014-10-25 6:45:03 PM] Ben Ni: and [2014-10-25 6:45:14 PM] Ben Ni: user dao should not store the stuff [2014-10-25 6:45:23 PM] Ben Ni: cuz it ruins the whole point [2014-10-25 6:45:27 PM] Ben Ni: of the DAO [2014-10-25 6:45:52 PM] Ben Ni: I think u need a new object class called database/server [2014-10-25 6:45:59 PM] Ben Ni: for storing all the information [2014-10-25 6:47:20 PM] Red: Ben, remember what the TA said, we can mimic a database/server in the demo by storing things in files. [2014-10-25 6:48:17 PM] Ben Ni: my head just went pffffffft [2014-10-25 6:48:18 PM] Ben Ni: what [2014-10-25 6:48:27 PM] Ben Ni: mimic [2014-10-25 6:48:34 PM] Ben Ni: I think u need a new object class called database/server [2014-10-25 6:48:35 PM] Ben Ni: ^ [2014-10-25 6:48:36 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: more like for now DAO access the file stored in the computer (be it txt file or sth) [2014-10-25 6:48:49 PM] Ben Ni: [October 25, 2014 6:47 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim:

<<< DAO access the file stored in the computer [2014-10-25 6:48:52 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: we don't need server/database class at all [2014-10-25 6:49:17 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: 'cause we can use 3rd party server [2014-10-25 6:49:21 PM] Ben Ni: i meant for reading the shit in the textfiles [2014-10-25 6:49:22 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: later on [2014-10-25 6:49:25 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: yeah [2014-10-25 6:49:31 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: DAO reads/ write to file [2014-10-25 6:49:36 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: for now [2014-10-25 6:49:52 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: later, we find appropriate opened server and read/write from that server [2014-10-25 6:50:11 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: but anyway what r we actually coding then [2014-10-25 6:50:46 PM] Red: hmmm [2014-10-25 6:51:08 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: we need like a very basic demo right? [2014-10-25 6:51:24 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: very simple chat program i guess? [2014-10-25 6:51:30 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: with log in? [2014-10-25 6:51:36 PM] Red: I'll check if David is done updating the CRC cards, then I'll post who is doing what. Hopefully I can get everyone's input so that the work done is fair. [2014-10-25 6:58:23 PM] Ben Ni: yo i am gonna create a new folder called demo [2014-10-25 6:58:27 PM] Ben Ni: in phase2 folder [2014-10-25 6:58:43 PM] Ben Ni: to put our code in [2014-10-25 6:58:51 PM] Red: sounds good [2014-10-25 7:09:18 PM | Edited 7:09:55 PM] Red: Here are the classes and here's how I've allocated work for the first sprint.

Authenticator: Carlito SuperBoard: Ben Board: David User: Carlito User_DAO: Dmitry BoardMessages_DAO: Henry BoardUsers_DAO: Shaun SuperBoard_DAO: Shaun

If you guys have any concerns, please object. [2014-10-25 7:14:58 PM] Ben Ni: its hard for me to start... [2014-10-25 7:14:58 PM] Ben Ni: lol [2014-10-25 7:15:02 PM] Ben Ni: wtf do i do [2014-10-25 7:16:27 PM] Red: you're doing the SuperBoard class, it only has 2 functions lol [2014-10-25 7:18:07 PM] Ben Ni: yea... [2014-10-25 7:18:40 PM] Ben Ni: that depend on superBoard DAP [2014-10-25 7:18:41 PM] Ben Ni: DAO [2014-10-25 7:18:49 PM] Ben Ni: idk what is in DAO [2014-10-25 7:18:52 PM] Ben Ni: how do i do it [2014-10-25 7:19:00 PM] Ben Ni: and board is not implemented [2014-10-25 7:19:14 PM] Ben Ni: how is superboard going to be implemented [2014-10-25 7:20:46 PM] Red: ah [2014-10-25 7:20:52 PM] Red: I see [2014-10-25 7:25:51 PM] Red: I can create an interface for each DAO so that you can use them [2014-10-25 7:26:01 PM] Ben Ni: ^ [2014-10-25 7:43:32 PM] Ben Ni: yo shaun did u start yet? [2014-10-25 8:22:47 PM] Ben Ni: btw [2014-10-25 8:22:51 PM] Ben Ni: we need a main... [2014-10-25 8:32:34 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: i just saw this msg [2014-10-25 8:32:36 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: anyway [2014-10-25 8:34:20 PM] Ben Ni: yea need a main [2014-10-25 8:34:28 PM] Ben Ni: i am gonna go make one [2014-10-25 8:38:58 PM] Red: okay, I cloned the respository, I'll commit the interfaces soon [2014-10-25 8:39:04 PM] Red: thanks Ben for the demos [2014-10-25 8:41:27 PM] Ben Ni: wait wait [2014-10-25 8:41:28 PM] Ben Ni: wait [2014-10-25 8:41:32 PM] Ben Ni: i need to make [2014-10-25 8:41:33 PM] Ben Ni: server [2014-10-25 8:41:35 PM] Ben Ni: as main [2014-10-25 8:41:49 PM] Red: wut [2014-10-25 8:41:52 PM] Red: we don't need a server [2014-10-25 8:42:54 PM] Ben Ni: server as is the loop keep calling for inputs [2014-10-25 8:43:06 PM] Ben Ni: if u dont have main how u going to show him in the console lol [2014-10-25 8:43:07 PM] Ben Ni: LOLOL [2014-10-25 8:43:46 PM] Red: okay lol [2014-10-25 8:43:47 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: we're making client [2014-10-25 8:43:57 PM] Red: yea, just name it something different [2014-10-25 8:43:59 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: call it client not server lol [2014-10-25 8:44:00 PM] Red: like client [2014-10-25 8:44:42 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: what's our first main would look like tho [2014-10-25 8:44:49 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: like what functions are we implemeting for now [2014-10-25 9:09:39 PM] Red: okay guys, I implemented the interfaces, so Ben you can work on your things now XD [2014-10-25 9:13:09 PM] David Faig: Ben [2014-10-25 9:13:13 PM] David Faig: all superboard does [2014-10-25 9:13:18 PM] David Faig: is ask superboard DAO for shit [2014-10-25 9:13:26 PM] David Faig: and make an object [2014-10-25 9:17:26 PM] David Faig: Yo guys [2014-10-25 9:18:16 PM] David Faig: I'll make Authenticator [2014-10-25 9:18:19 PM] David Faig: also [2014-10-25 9:18:23 PM] David Faig: read the new CRC cards [2014-10-25 9:18:35 PM] Red: wait wait [2014-10-25 9:18:44 PM] Red: I'll do the Authenticator [2014-10-25 9:18:59 PM] Red: read this [2014-10-25 9:19:01 PM] Red: [October 25, 2014 7:09 PM] Red:

<<< Here are the classes and here's how I've allocated work for the first sprint.

Authenticator: Carlito SuperBoard: Ben Board: David User: Carlito User_DAO: Dmitry BoardMessages_DAO: Henry BoardUsers_DAO: Shaun SuperBoard_DAO: Shaun

If you guys have any concerns, please object. [2014-10-25 9:19:08 PM] Red: any objections David? [2014-10-25 9:19:09 PM] David Faig: oh okay [2014-10-25 9:19:12 PM] David Faig: i didnt scroll up enough [2014-10-25 9:20:39 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: wtf is .gitignore [2014-10-25 9:20:57 PM] David Faig: idk [2014-10-25 9:30:45 PM] Red: yo David, why would the Authenticator class be able to build a user object? [2014-10-25 9:32:06 PM] David Faig: I wanted to use a builder for that [2014-10-25 9:32:08 PM] David Faig: actually [2014-10-25 9:32:18 PM] David Faig: so Authenticator gathers the user info [2014-10-25 9:33:07 PM] David Faig: and gives it to a builder class which works like he described in the lecture [2014-10-25 9:33:52 PM] Red: from what I can understand, builder is used when we're in a situation where we pass too many arguments in the constructor. [2014-10-25 9:34:01 PM] Red: doesn't a user only have a username and ID? [2014-10-25 9:34:21 PM] David Faig: It could have more info later [2014-10-25 9:34:34 PM] David Faig: the safe thing to do is plan as if it might eventually have more [2014-10-25 9:34:47 PM] David Faig: plus a builder is really easy to make [2014-10-25 9:35:00 PM] Red: kk [2014-10-25 9:35:48 PM] David Faig: Just make is a static function in user [2014-10-25 9:36:02 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: I think the directories are just wrong [2014-10-25 9:36:08 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: shouldn't src file be under [2014-10-25 9:36:12 PM] David Faig: yeah [2014-10-25 9:36:17 PM] David Faig: i didnt do that :P [2014-10-25 9:36:17 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: src/main/... [2014-10-25 9:36:17 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: ? [2014-10-25 9:36:21 PM] David Faig: yep [2014-10-25 9:36:24 PM] David Faig: i made a new project [2014-10-25 9:36:40 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: da fk? [2014-10-25 9:36:42 PM] David Faig: I can push mine so we can all work on it better [2014-10-25 9:36:47 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: sure [2014-10-25 9:37:16 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: and why is folder name demo... r we not gonna work on the same folder when we move on to phase 3? [2014-10-25 9:48:16 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: I think src/ folder should be at the very root of our repo [2014-10-25 9:48:22 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: not under phase 2 folder [2014-10-25 9:48:43 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: since we're going to working on the same code for phase 3 ~ [2014-10-25 9:48:58 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: david did u change ur folder structure like such? or what [2014-10-25 9:49:17 PM] David Faig: fuck git man [2014-10-25 9:49:27 PM] David Faig: idk what I'm doing [2014-10-25 9:50:25 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: this is why u use eclipse with git [2014-10-25 9:50:28 PM] David Faig: okay nvm I can do this [2014-10-25 9:50:28 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: anyway [2014-10-25 9:50:33 PM] David Faig: I was [2014-10-25 9:50:35 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: do u agree with what i said above? [2014-10-25 9:50:37 PM] David Faig: yes [2014-10-25 9:50:48 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: did u push? [2014-10-25 9:51:06 PM] David Faig: no, and thank god too [2014-10-25 9:51:08 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: if ur using eclipse do "team -> push Branch Master" [2014-10-25 9:51:12 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: ? [2014-10-25 9:55:07 PM] David Faig: Dude, eclipse is an asshole [2014-10-25 9:55:23 PM] David Faig: Shaun can you do it? [2014-10-25 9:55:43 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: uh yes but it's gonna fk up u guys' work i guess? [2014-10-25 9:55:45 PM] Red: PSA: I made erroneous errors when doing the interfaces, I'll fix it soon, I need to do chores around the house. I'll notify you guys when I fixed them. [2014-10-25 9:56:02 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: just commit w/e youguys have currently and i'll fix directories [2014-10-25 9:56:22 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: and re upload [2014-10-25 10:03:58 PM] David Faig: I dont have shit to commit [2014-10-25 10:08:26 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: just wondering do we need unit test? (i mean like for phase 3 or 4 [2014-10-25 10:08:48 PM] David Faig: Idk [2014-10-25 10:11:23 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: k changed paths and committeed [2014-10-25 10:11:33 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: check if there's anything wrong with structure [2014-10-25 10:12:38 PM] David Faig: kk [2014-10-25 10:12:40 PM] David Faig: i like it [2014-10-25 10:14:19 PM] David Faig: though [2014-10-25 10:14:27 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: w8 da fk why don't i see the point of [2014-10-25 10:14:30 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: interface [2014-10-25 10:14:36 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: when only one class is using it wtf [2014-10-25 10:15:09 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: and interface should be defined in seperate file [2014-10-25 10:15:14 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: if we were to use it [2014-10-25 10:15:16 PM] David Faig: It's just so that the functions dealing with offshore shit are seperate from the class iself [2014-10-25 10:15:38 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: like i see tons of errors from eclipse 'cause of wrong format [2014-10-25 10:15:47 PM] David Faig: yeah i do too [2014-10-25 10:15:57 PM] David Faig: How to interface [2014-10-25 10:16:48 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: Can I change it so that it makes more sense? [2014-10-25 10:16:51 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: where's calito [2014-10-25 10:17:03 PM] David Faig: I'd just do it [2014-10-25 10:17:23 PM] David Faig: the DAOs are supposed to be worked on by you and henry [2014-10-25 10:17:27 PM] David Faig: and henry is out drinking [2014-10-25 10:17:31 PM] David Faig: so you wont fuck anyone up [2014-10-25 10:18:51 PM] Ben Ni: did any1 update anything? [2014-10-25 10:18:59 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: I changed the folder structure [2014-10-25 10:19:09 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: not the codes [2014-10-25 10:20:23 PM] Ben Ni: how do u actually get shit from git [2014-10-25 10:20:27 PM] Ben Ni: using eclipse [2014-10-25 10:20:30 PM] David Faig: import [2014-10-25 10:20:38 PM] David Faig: git prijects [2014-10-25 10:20:45 PM] David Faig: then copy paste the url [2014-10-25 10:20:48 PM] David Faig: from github [2014-10-25 10:21:14 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: ^ [2014-10-25 10:21:46 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: import it as java project once u passed that url part [2014-10-25 10:22:28 PM] David Faig: okaty now all the classes are including the wrong package (worry) [2014-10-25 10:22:38 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: ? [2014-10-25 10:22:46 PM] *** Missed group call. *** [2014-10-25 10:23:45 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: fk ben [2014-10-25 10:23:51 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: ge tthe call and see what im doing [2014-10-25 10:38:21 PM] *** Missed group call. *** [2014-10-25 10:38:22 PM] *** Group call *** [2014-10-25 10:40:32 PM] Red: I'm back [2014-10-25 10:40:39 PM] Red: something about interfaces [2014-10-25 10:40:40 PM] David Faig: Yo carlito, if you don't want to make a builder, dont bother [2014-10-25 10:40:46 PM] David Faig: we can do that kind of stuff later [2014-10-25 10:41:10 PM] Red: Shaun said that my interfaces are wrong [2014-10-25 10:41:22 PM] David Faig: Yeah, they should be their own package [2014-10-25 10:41:29 PM] Red: whoops [2014-10-25 10:41:33 PM] David Faig: with their own classes [2014-10-25 10:41:47 PM] David Faig: we will handle it [2014-10-25 10:41:54 PM] David Faig: join the call [2014-10-25 10:41:58 PM] Red: okay, so I'll just to Authenticate and User then [2014-10-25 10:44:11 PM] Red: Oh David, I'm doing User.

What do you mean by, "Tries to pass commands to Board" and "Tries to pass commands to SuperBoard"? [2014-10-25 10:48:41 PM] *** Call ended, duration 10:17 *** [2014-10-25 10:48:44 PM] *** Group call *** [2014-10-25 10:56:41 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: class MSG{ [2014-10-25 10:56:47 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: time_stamp;l [2014-10-25 10:56:49 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: user; [2014-10-25 10:56:55 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: string; [2014-10-25 11:03:57 PM] Ben Ni: login:
password:
auth sukceed / fialure

option 1 option 2 ...

        option 1

        [2014-10-25 11:05:58 PM] Red: public void storeUserInformation() { } public void changeUserInformation() { } public void writeToBoard() { } [2014-10-25 11:06:07 PM] *** Call ended, duration 17:21 *** [2014-10-25 11:06:07 PM] *** Group call *** [2014-10-25 11:06:09 PM] Red: is this okay for the User class? [2014-10-25 11:17:46 PM | Removed 11:18:13 PM] Red: This message has been removed. [2014-10-25 11:17:58 PM | Removed 11:18:10 PM] Red: This message has been removed. [2014-10-25 11:18:20 PM] Red: [October 25, 2014 11:05 PM] Red:

<<< public void storeUserInformation() { } public void changeUserInformation() { } public void writeToBoard() { } [2014-10-25 11:40:15 PM] *** Call ended, duration 34:06 *** [2014-10-25 11:40:20 PM] *** Group call *** [2014-10-25 11:40:21 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: call [2014-10-25 11:40:21 PM] Ben Ni: start call carlio [2014-10-25 11:42:59 PM] *** Call ended, duration 02:39 *** [2014-10-25 11:43:02 PM] *** Missed group call. *** [2014-10-25 11:48:24 PM] David Faig: Carlito, Shaun is changing the skeleton code, dont make changes [2014-10-25 11:55:25 PM] Ben Ni: http://gyazo.com/388ac6aa9074f089efbbcb90f21c37a8 [2014-10-25 11:58:36 PM] *** Missed group call. *** [12:16:14 AM] the_russian_vsn: im back [12:16:24 AM] the_russian_vsn: am i still doing the user dao? [12:20:07 AM] the_russian_vsn: are you guys sure that we need a dao for every class? [12:20:11 AM] the_russian_vsn: that seems excessive [12:21:35 AM] the_russian_vsn: anybody there? [12:48:45 AM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: check my ps3 cables [12:48:49 AM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: and thermal pastes [12:49:04 AM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: and yes we do apparently i think? [12:49:05 AM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: idk [12:49:44 AM] David Faig: It makes more sense. The way we store user info, messages, and board info might vary [12:50:02 AM] David Faig: I guess it could be all one interface [12:50:23 AM] Ben Ni: http://www.business2community.com/social-buzz/28-halloween-costumes-for-cats-that-will-put-a-smile-on-your-face-01037524#QY7b9jo0GyRWzFit.01 [12:50:31 AM] David Faig: but our proff likes splitting classes into pieces [12:51:17 AM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: i guess we do 'cause ways to save those info to server(or local for phase 2) will be different [12:52:21 AM] David Faig: Guys I might drop this course if my midterm mark sucks... I might have a hard maximum of 85% [12:52:25 AM] David Faig: which is really low [12:52:31 AM] Ben Ni: no no david [12:52:33 AM] David Faig: since 100% isnt possible with this proff [12:52:45 AM] Ben Ni: u in our group, non of us care ur mark is shit or not [12:52:52 AM] Ben Ni: finish assignment :) [12:52:57 AM] David Faig: no time [12:53:06 AM] David Faig: final drop date is the 2nd [12:53:10 AM] David Faig: ill wait till then [12:53:15 AM] David Faig: 3rd* [12:53:57 AM] David Faig: I doubt we will have our tests back by then though [12:54:32 AM] David Faig: Fuck it, I'll believe in you guys. But, we better ace this shit [12:56:35 AM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: lol [12:56:44 AM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: we procrastinate tho [12:56:52 AM] David Faig: yeah stop sucking dick [12:57:01 AM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: can't suck my dick wtf [12:57:01 AM] David Faig: lets get this shit done [12:57:05 AM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: zzzz [12:57:13 AM] David Faig: ...tomorro [12:57:15 AM] David Faig: im sleepy [12:57:22 AM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: today u mean [12:57:25 AM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: 12 has passed yo [12:57:30 AM] David Faig: no [12:57:34 AM] David Faig: i mean tomorrow like monday [12:57:36 AM] David Faig: lool [12:57:40 AM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: lol [12:57:49 AM]
 Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: rekt [1:20:18 AM] the_russian_vsn: so for the dao should i just use a text file for now? [1:20:25 AM] the_russian_vsn: also imma add a bunch of methods [1:20:30 AM] the_russian_vsn: for getting and setting [1:20:37 AM] the_russian_vsn: missing a lot of them [1:28:12 AM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: https://github.com/csc301-fall2014/DAOExample/blob/master/src/csc301/TrainCompanyLocalFileDAO.java [1:28:13 AM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: for DAI [1:28:15 AM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: DAO [1:28:20 AM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: basically use local file like that
[2014-10-30 12:12:20 AM] David Faig: so its working nicely now
[2014-10-30 12:12:24 AM] David Faig: just not c reating new posts
[2014-10-30 12:12:25 AM] David Faig: im taking a break
[2014-10-30 12:12:33 AM] David Faig: but we're almost done our first sprint
[2014-10-30 12:16:56 AM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: kk
[2014-10-30 12:28:06 AM] Ben Ni: good work
[2014-10-30 12:29:41 AM] David Faig: yeee i told you man
[2014-10-30 12:29:45 AM] David Faig: getting stoned before coding
[2014-10-30 12:29:51 AM] David Faig: (this has been henry the entire time btw)
[2014-10-30 12:29:54 AM] David Faig: is really great
[2014-10-30 12:29:59 AM] David Faig: you get so much done
[2014-10-30 12:30:12 AM] David Faig: also cannonical naming has helped make shit so ez
[2014-10-30 12:30:52 AM] David Faig: we only had to change like 3 functions after the main commit (aside from making it work on a windows file system, which was also pretty easy cuz java is dope)
[2014-10-30 12:31:00 AM] David Faig: and getting it to work with the daos was really ez
[2014-10-30 12:31:41 AM] David Faig: like if we do this prorperly this assignment will be ez pz
[2014-10-30 12:31:54 AM] David Faig: will look really good on resumes for pey :D
[2014-10-30 3:10:46 PM] Buster: sup niggas
[2014-10-30 3:30:29 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: hi
[2014-10-30 3:30:37 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: well i can tell u guys used absolute path
[2014-10-30 3:37:37 PM] Buster: |?
[2014-10-30 3:38:04 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: |?
[2014-10-30 3:38:12 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: for java shit
[2014-10-30 3:38:38 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: basically it gives an IO error 'cause it uses absolute path that only works on david's
[2014-10-30 3:42:46 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: w/e
[2014-10-30 3:47:38 PM] Buster: ya
[2014-10-30 3:47:42 PM] Buster: change the path as needed
[2014-10-30 3:49:35 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: there must be a way to use relative path
[2014-10-30 3:49:38 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: but w/e too lazy anyway
[2014-10-30 3:49:59 PM] Buster: imma look iot up
[2014-10-30 6:16:10 PM] Ben Ni: and where is this
[2014-10-30 6:16:21 PM] Ben Ni: cheat sheet allowed
[2014-10-30 6:16:22 PM] Ben Ni: thing
[2014-10-30 6:17:07 PM] Ben Ni: nvm
[2014-10-30 6:17:10 PM] Ben Ni: found it on the rubric
[2014-10-30 6:17:17 PM] Ben Ni:  For the midterm test, you will be allowed one 8.5” × 11” aid sheet, handwritten on one side.
[2014-10-30 6:25:53 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: hand written?
[2014-10-30 6:43:03 PM] Buster: ya gotten be hand written
[2014-10-30 9:30:41 PM] Red: Do you guys still have problems with paths?
[2014-10-30 10:21:50 PM] Red: anyone here?
[12:15:45 AM] Ben Ni: ?
[12:22:19 AM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: ben
[12:22:22 AM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: i have ur earphone
[12:22:24 AM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: and now it's mine
[12:28:19 AM] Ben Ni: oh relaly
[12:28:21 AM] Ben Ni: where is it
[8:14:37 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: i see typo in the iteration planning
[8:14:48 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: Our product for this "itteration" of planning was ...
[8:15:08 PM] the_russian_vsn: wait what file is that in
[8:15:14 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: https://github.com/csc301-fall2014/Proj-UTM-Team6-repo/blob/master/Phase2/Product.md
[8:15:27 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: david (or henry?) made changes
[8:15:30 PM] the_russian_vsn: oh i think henry is fixing that up
[8:15:31 PM] the_russian_vsn: yea
[8:15:39 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: GUI was not "warrented" for this stage
[8:15:44 PM] the_russian_vsn: ill add a bit later im doing my individuals for now
[8:15:48 PM] Shaun Seung Hyun Kim: k
[8:15:53 PM] the_russian_vsn: dw ill fix the spelling
[8:29:24 PM] Red: anything happening?
[8:31:20 PM] Red: hey guys, should I delete this? https://github.com/csc301-fall2014/Proj-UTM-Team6-repo/blob/master/Phase2/SprintPlanningLog%231.md
[8:34:45 PM] Red: anyone here?
[8:39:58 PM] Red: nevermind, I'll remove it, I can quickly add it back if needed.
[8:46:22 PM] the_russian_vsn: yo carlito add it back I think
[8:46:29 PM] the_russian_vsn: otherwise we have nothing for daily meetings...
[8:46:36 PM] the_russian_vsn: even though theres us swearing n shit....
[8:47:30 PM] Red: it happened at the 25th and you didn't write anything about the 25th
[8:47:53 PM] Red: are you sure we need it?
[8:48:01 PM] the_russian_vsn: well i wrote about the scrum meetings not the daily meetings
[8:48:09 PM] Red: kk
[8:48:23 PM] Red: should I call it DailyScrumMeetingLog.md?
